issue #32 - date anonymizer (#127)
makinacorpus/DbToolsBundle: docs/content/anonymization/core-anonymizers.md

```
:::

## DateAnonymizer

Anonymize dates by either:
- randomly choosing an date or datetime in a given range delimited by `min` and `max` options,
- altering the initial value by adding it a random value picked in a range computed from the `delta` options.

`min` and `max` options can be any string that can be parsed as a date by the `DateTime`
class constructor, for example:
 - an absolute date: `2024-03-15` or datetime: `2024-03-15 10:28:56`,
 - a relative time: `now +2 hours`, `-3 month`, ...

`delta` option can be either:
 - an ISO interval specification, such as: `P1DT1M` (1 day and 1 minute),

>  - a human readable datestring that PHP can parse: `1 month -3 day +3 minutes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - a human readable date string that PHP can parse: `1 month -3 day +3 minutes`.
```

> Giving invalid values for options will raise an exception before running the anonymization.

Reviewer 2: Don't know if you should put this here, it will be kind of true for all anonymizers after all

::: code-group
```php [Attribute]
namespace App\Entity;

use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
use MakinaCorpus\DbToolsBundle\Attribute\Anonymize;

#[ORM\Entity()]
#[ORM\Table(name: 'customer')]
class Customer
{
    // ...

    #[ORM\Column]
    // Will add to the existing date a random interval // [!code ++]
    // in the [-delta, +delta] interval // [!code ++]
    #[Anonymize(type: 'date', options: ['delta' => '1 month 15 day')] // [!code ++]
    private ?\DateTime $birthDate = null;

    #[ORM\Column]
    // Will pick a random date in the given // [!code ++]
    // [min, max] interval // [!code ++]
    #[Anonymize(type: 'date', options: ['min' => 'now -3 month', 'max' => 'now'])] // [!code ++]

>     private ?\DateTimeImmutable $lastLogin = null;

Reviewer 2: May be you can add an example with absolute dates here
